DO NOT MERGE - resource-color-bar (#982)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.5-devx/07-sandbox-clusters.md

   * Review the information and deploy the Palette virtual cluster. The Palette virtual cluster will be provisioned within the next few minutes.

<br />

### Resource Tracking for Palette Virtual Clusters

> Palette users can track the available resources within a Cluster Group while launching a Virtual Cluster. The UI color codes give a rough estimation of available CPU, memory, and storage within the selected Cluster Group. The interpretations are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette users can track the available resources within a Cluster Group while launching a virtual cluster. The UI color codes give a rough estimation of available CPU, memory, and storage within the selected Cluster Group. The interpretations are as follows:
```

<br />

* **Grey**: Resources already in use.

* **Green**: The resources allocated for the Virtual Cluster under deployment.

* **White**: Resources available within the Cluster Group which can be utilized after deploying the new Virtual Cluster.

### Example Scenario

![color-tracking.png](color-tracking.png) 

> The above example screenshot displays the scenario. The Cluster Group selected in the example has a Virtual Cluster already running on it. The info box displays the recommended minimum CPU and memory to be allocated to the new Virtual Cluster. The color-coded bar summarizes the used, allocated, and available CPU, storage, and memory within the Cluster Group. The users can hence plan the resource utilization as per the available resources. 

Reviewer: It's bad practice to point to something prior in a document. If we switch the order of things, paragraph, then the image we avoid having to force the reader to backtrack.

> 
> ![color-tracking.png](color-tracking.png) 
> 
> The above example screenshot displays the scenario. The Cluster Group selected in the example has a Virtual Cluster already running on it. The info box displays the recommended minimum CPU and memory to be allocated to the new Virtual Cluster. The color-coded bar summarizes the used, allocated, and available CPU, storage, and memory within the Cluster Group. The users can hence plan the resource utilization as per the available resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![color-tracking.png](color-tracking.png) 

The example screenshot below illustrates the following scenario. The Cluster Group selected in the example has a virtual cluster already running on it. The info box displays the recommended minimum CPU and memory allocated to the new virtual cluster. The color-coded bar summarizes the used, allocated, and available CPU, storage, and memory within the Cluster Group. Users can use this information to plan resource utilization per available resources. 
```
Simplified the sentence.
